this family never had a dog before so
I'm gonna make sure they understand what
they need to know before they bring a
dog into their homes and remember when
you're rescuing a dog you have an option
to foster him first
come on I just like the fact that
something will be around to give us that
unconditional love look and we to love
as well I thought a dog would be that
extra support I guess so when I'm
hearing you know people saying well they
need unconditional love
what conditional love is nice hmm he's
here to grant you whatever you want but
are you gonna grant him whatever he
needs now let me ask you a question big
dog small dog fluffy dog fluffy fluffy
here okay yeah I think we have some
choices over there right we see Gigi
this is a very unusual scenario because
here you get to experience them in a
pack I understand this is actually the
best way to evaluate does you get to see
who they really are
yeah look at their now why is he so
perfect it's because she's testing her
it's the standard he's just testing just
put it back but mean it like this this
would totally help you like with the
boyfriend eventually like you know like
that's enough I was looking for a dog
that it was not too young it has a
little bit of knowledge but at the same
time in a submissive or naive state you
know so they can grow together yeah your
job is just to maintain that to maintain
that's it she's gravitating that's great
I do like her in a dorm and she's cute
I'm gonna bring it to your house and
then we going with the maintenance
sounds good good good
[Music]
where would you like to keep the dog
actually our little dining room area
oh this is perfect notice is perfect cuz
I have a crate that is perfect for her
set it up this is not something that is
that it's important you're getting
nervous you say what well I just I want
this to be you know a smooth transition
it will for you girl oh wow that was
easy
here is my den this is my office
spend some time this is where okay so
this is an area that you might be
spending time when you ask her to
correct you want to have your own
invisible fences that's right